I am a recent college graduate with a master’s degree in Applied Cognition and Neuroscience fromthe University of Texas at Dallas, with a focus on Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning and Human-ComputerInteraction. My studies included: Statistical Machine Learning; Neural Network Mathematics; database designand management; computer vision; Human-Computer Interaction; and Neuroscience. My focus was on learn-ing to use cognition and neuroscience to inform the design of AI systems and machine learning algorithms.

My experience includes presenting and leading workshops for a computer science course as wellas performing as a research assistant at the Center for Brain Health in Dallas. There we conducted a studyon daily life functioning explored the prospect of using Latent Semantic Analysis(LSA) to identify patients withtraumatic brain injury. My part in the study involved recruiting and running participants through the study aswell as implementing LSA and a multivariate analysis using a Partial Least Squares Correlation. As of now, theresearch paper is being reviewed for publication.

I have implemented Neural networks and other AI algorithms in Python, C#, Matlab, and R. I havealso used OpenCV and Tensorflow to design networks that can detect different facial expressions and gestures.In September 2017, I attended a HoloLens demo at Fujitsu. During the demo I observed the intended use-casesof the HoloLens and received hands-on experience with the device. Afterwards, I was invited to give my feedbackand suggestions on the user experience/design of the interface.

I have held three separate jobs since the age of 15, with no lapses in employment. I currentlywork as an Aquatics Supervisor at Lifetime Fitness, maintaining the pool area and coordinating lifeguards whilecooperating with other departments in the club. I am excited to begin working towards a career in ArtificialIntelligence and Machine Learning, and eager to explore the ways they can enhance our world and way of life.Please consider what I can contribute while learning from leading experts in the industry.
